17.0.0 (#601)
MetaMask/controllers: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [17.0.0]
### Added
- Add client id header to GasFeeController ([#597](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/597))

### Changed
- Improve transaction state management for custom networks ([#598](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/598))
- Make TokenRatesController support fiat conversion for more networks ([#585](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/585))

### Removed

> - **BREAKING:** Remove IsJsonable ([#496](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/496))

Reviewer: Should we say more about how consumers need to adapt to this change?

Reviewer 2: Here's my suggestion:
```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** Simplify type of BaseControllerV2 state ([#496](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/496))
  - Controllers based upon BaseControllerV2 might need to update their types.
  - Custom interfaces/classes will no longer be allowed in the controller state. Simple objects only.
```

Reviewer 3: Updated
